>> Kyle Simpson: This is the mental
model that you need to juggle
to understand what's going on with these
prototype oriented pieces of code.
You'll notice that that's the diagram
that I was basically drawing,
although I didn't fully finish it out,
but that's basically the drawing.
That's basically the diagram
that we were getting at,
if we put in the Bar, it would added Bar
proto type to speak and all of that.
So, there's your diagram, but the problem
is this diagram is not fully complete.
We glossed over some
somewhat important details.
Here's the complete diagram, and I really
didn't wanna draw that on the board.
That's the complete diagram with all of
the pieces just from that one program
that we were talking about.
To fully explain all of the relationships
you have to diagram all that stuff out.
Now I don't know about you, but I don't
think that's a very effective mental model
for me to figure out what
I'm doing with my code.
There's a lot of complexity there hiding
the simplicity of
the power of that system.